# Keith Bartholomew

I am an ambitious, strategic full-stack engineer with broad, extensive
experience building web applications, the backend systems that drive them, and
the DevOps platforms that keep them running.

* Email: [keith@keithbartholomew.com](mailto:keith@keithbartholomew.com)
* Website: [https://keithbartholomew.com](https://keithbartholomew.com)
* GitHub: [https://github.com/ktbartholomew](https://github.com/ktbartholomew)



## Work Experience

### Rackspace - Full-stack Engineer

_2015-present_

I was solely responsible for building a web control panel to manage Kubernetes
clusters. The React+Redux frontend coupled closely with a Golang backend to make
complex Kubernetes tasks intuitive for any user. To enable this app, I also
built an OIDC system to allow the control panel, Kubernetes itself, and multiple
related web apps to share SSO with cloud providers like AWS, Azure, and
Openstack. Prior to this, I built a distributed content-management system that
enabled the publishing of docs from many content platforms like Jekyll and
Sphinx to a single web portal. During my time at Rackspace, I used a myriad of
languages and tools, including Golang, Node.js (and browser-side JavaScript),
Python, Ansible, Kubernetes, and Ansible.

### 70kft - Web Developer

_2013-2015_

As a web developer for a digital agency, I was responsible for rapidly producing
accessible and search-optimized websites for a variety of clients. I used CMSâ€™s
like Craft, ExpressionEngine, and WordPress to build flexible content systems,
wrote PHP to enable custom backend functionality, and wrote all the HTML, CSS
(via Sass), and JavaScript necessary to build the front-end. For several months,
I led a team of engineers at Verizon to architect and build a massive Angular
web console for their private cloud service.

### Texas Christian University - Linux Sysadmin

_2012-2013_

I was responsible for managing access and security for dozens of RHEL servers at
the university, including a 50-node HPC cluster. I prototyped development of a
multi-tenant WordPress system for use as a standardized platform for department
websites.

### Buxton - Sysadmin and Help Desk

_2010-2012_

## Education

### University of Texas at Arlington

B.A. in Communication Technology, graduated Cum Laude in 2011



